It’s burning up here.
Fire
When I wake up in my room I’m just nobody.
After sunset, I stumble as I walk
I’m a wreck because I’m drunk, drunk.
Spitting bad words, on the street, on the street!
I am messed up! Like I’m a nut.
All messed up. Livin’ like beep-eep~
Live your life. It’s yours anyways.
Don’t try too hard. It’s okay to be a loser.
Errbody say La la la la la (La la la la la)
Say La la la la la (La la la la la)
Put your hands up! Make some noise! Burn it up
It’s burning up here.
Let’s burn it all! BOW WOW WOW
Hey, Burn it up like we’re gonna burn it all
Hey, Turn it up till the dawn passes by
We can just ride with the wave cuz we are young.
What kind of spoon are you, talking to me like that?
Don’t call me a spoon! I’m just a human. (So what~)
Live your life. It’s yours anyways.
Don’t try too hard. It’s okay to be a loser.
Errbody say La la la la la (La la la la la)
Say La la la la la (La la la la la)
Put your hands up! Make some noise! Burn it up
It’s burning up here.
Let’s burn it all! BOW WOW WOW
Fire
Come here, all the people with lots of fear.
Come here, all the broken-hearted people!
Fire
All night long with bare hands
With marching steps
Fire
Let’s jump!
Let’s go crazy everybody!
Let’s burn it all! BOW WOW WOW
Fire
I’ll forgive you